    It's the eighth year after graduating from university and entering the software industry, There were some very important times for me to make decisions that would make a huge difference in the future, but I didn't realize this point when I made them. Today I want to make some summaries of these good and bad decisions.

    I have been working in a small company for the last four years and built an entire platform from scratch as the foundation for most of the business of the company, it is still growing and becoming more and more reliable. I see it as a great success which I never expected in the first place, my skills and experience also grew making me a better programmer. All of these would be impossible without these decisions.

    Java is the first and most important one. It gives me confidence that all requirements can be implemented, what I need to do is find one solution which lots of people have made many times. Spring framework is heaven where all the tools you need for normal work are ready on the table.

    As a small company, I believe we are not even close to touching any problem in which we are the first visitor, all the features can be implemented with reasonable resources of time and human.  I want to make it more aggressive, The fundamental tools of the industry can meet all of our needs, so my strategy is simple, mastering most of the basic skills, that's all we need.

	From the very beginning, I didn't like the domain of frontend, so I decided to leave this part to my colleague and focus on backend which is my field, This strategy worked pretty well and we made a good platform out of it. But the weakness of frontend was always an obstacle stopping us from creating a better product, especially after the customer-oriented product was out which never made me feel good enough because we had already touched the ceil of ability. Fortunately, nothing is too late, last month I started to refactor the codebase of our client product and have made great progress, this problem will be solved in the near future.